edits to PGD release PR4560 (#4608)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/reference/autopartition.mdx

-   `partition_initial_lowerbound` &mdash; If the table has no partition, then the
    first partition with this lower bound and `partition_increment` apart upper
    bound is created.

> -   `partition_autocreate_expression` &mdash; Detects if it's time to create new partitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `partition_autocreate_expression` &mdash; The expression used to detect if it's time to create new partitions.
```
